add new plugin (power-to-energy) (#1)
Green-Software-Foundation/community-plugins: README.md

# Community plugins

> 

Reviewer: You should revert this change if you do not intend to add this blank line.

| Method | Description |
|------- | ----------- |

> | [ConvertPowerToEnergy](https://github.com/Green-Software-Foundation/community-plugins/blob/power-to-energy/docs/power-to-energy.md) | The method converts power to energy |

Reviewer: Please link with relative link, and also please clarify this function.

```suggestion
| [ConvertPowerToEnergy](docs/power-to-energy.md) | Converts power (in watts) to energy (in kWh) |
```
